# PRIVACY POLICY

## Background

VMWishes is a hobby site, not a business!
The games, tools, code snippets, etc. developed under the VMWishes.com brand are not intended to turn any sort of profit.
We have no interest in monetizing your private information.
To this end, the only information collected is that which enhances the experience of using our products.

## What Information is Collected/Stored by *TheGame* ?

In order to active the game to play with others, the user must create a connection account.
There are three options provided:
- Facebook login
- Email address
- Anonymous connection

The user may opt to receive push notifications when other players have lost or quit the game. 
In this case, a device location ID will be collected.

### Internal UserID

All information collected on a user is tied to a userid generated by the game server.  
This ID is sent back to your app when your account but is never shared with other users.

### Facebook Login

With the exception noted below, connection accounts created using Facebook login will 
request only your username, profile picture, and Facebook ID from Facebook.

If a user elects to play *TheGame* with Facebook friends, the game server will also request
your friend list from Facebook. Facebook will only return friends that have also registered their account with *TheGame* and 
have also elected to play with friends. The only information retrieved about your friends' accounts and the only information 
that will be shared with your friends is name, profile picture, and Facebook ID.

The only information retrieved from Facebook that is stored in *TheGame* database is Facebook ID.

A user may elect to remove their Facebook login info the game server database using the settings panel within *TheGame* app.

### Game Alias (display name)

If not connecting with Facebook, the *TheGame* needs a way to identify you to your opponents.  This alias may be anything
you like and need not be your actual name.

Aliases are stored unencrypted in the game server database.

A user may elect to edit their alias at any time using the settings panel within *TheGame* app.

### Email Address

A user elects to create an account using their email address.  The sole purpose for collecting this information is
to allow the user to reconnect to their game history. This allows picking up game history on a different device
or restoring connection after the app has been removed/restored.

Email addresses will never be used for any other purpose.

Email addresses are stored encrypted in the game server database.

A user may elect to remove their email address from the game server database using the settings panel within *TheGame* app.

## What User Information is Generated?

The only information generated by *TheGame* is the UserID (see above) and the last time the user lost the game.  
The time of last loss is stored as number of seconds since 01-Jan-1972 00:00:00 GMT.

## What Information is Received from Other Sources?

The free version of *TheGame* uses Google's AdMob advertising service to help offset the cost of an Apple Developer plan.
While *TheGame* does not explicitly provide any information to AdMob nor receives information explicitly from AdMob, 
be aware that AdMob may collect information via the Google API.  You may wish to review [AdMob's privacy policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy).

## What Information is Shared with Others?

User information is shared only with opponents in the game.  
The only information shared with other players is name (which may be Facebook name),
profile picture (if using Facebook login), and the (GMT) time of last lost.

## Cookies

*TheGame* does not use any cookies for any reason.

## Information Collected on Children

*TheGame* does not collect any information about the age of its users.  
It cannot, therefore, distinguish between minors and adults.

## Security

All information collected by *TheGame* is stored in a MySQL database on the VMWishes.com server.
The userid and password for this database is **not** known to the mobile app.  It is known only
to the administrators of *TheGame* and the game server itself.

## Opting Out

A user can opt out of data collection by *TheGame* at any point through the app's settings.
The user will be given the option of dropping Facebook friends, Facebook login, or email address
as applicable.

If both Facebook login and email address are dropped, the account may become orphaned if no devices
retain a connection to it.

A user may choose to close their account at any time.  All personal information and their game history
will be purged without option of recovery. The user will be given the option of dropping silently or 
sending a notification that they are quitting the game.In this case, their name will be sent one final 
time through a push notification to all their current opponents.

## Contact Info

Questions about this privacy policy or requests to have personal data removed from the database should be 
addressed to gamemaster@vmwishes.com
